The gold bar 400,000
Here it comes.
Have a seat.
I knew Master Lin was coming
These should be prepared by us
You're welcome.
This young master is only here to be happy this time.
I can't do anything else
Then I wonder how big Lin Shao wants to play this time?
exclusion
Global Access Black Gold Card
Unlimited quota
Uncapped
Hahaha, Young Master Lin is really broad
But can't you use it?
Hahahaha
Take a look
This money
Is one night enough?
Enough is enough
Master Lin, you can play as long as you want this time
We will definitely give you the highest courtesy.
Publication is just a small place
With Master Lin's financial resources
It's not a problem for him to buy the entire magazine
Master Lin may have another purpose this time
Still Feige has eyesight
This young master must play the most exciting this time
The most annoying
Can't play anywhere else
As for what
Ben will wait and see